---
title: Drawing
post_id: '3622'
date: '2007-10-29T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

It is a stub of the alteration in winter. Relatively securely glazed the boundary between the eastern and the non-eastern so relatively safe pages. But this is not it. I knew it would be burned if I handed sophisticated tools poorly before I got used to it. Until I get used to it for a while, it is better to do on the analog until pen pen (at least human) ...... ( [An example of drawing on a](/3613) piece of [paper up to a pen holder](/3613) ) But it is very difficult if you can not get used to things you need to get used to orz. Although it may be obvious that you look at the image, the winter part is where the draft finishes after all the pages finally entered the pen.

## Announcement of mail order fee change

About [danmaq personal mail order](http://e.danmaq.com/) , The fee will change according to the change in the fee of privatization of the post office . For more information [here](https://www1n.sppd.ne.jp/danmaq.com/e-danmaq/index.cgi?type=info#11) , please refer to. (SSL compliant web browser required) Please do not hesitate to contact us as soon as possible.

## (Beat), the fun clap accumulated up to now is bad

___ ___ 0

## (Beat) What's wrong with the update?

I think that it is not wrong. However, there is a disadvantage that the version notation of v2.01 is mistakenly v2.00.

## (Beat) Comment Although I am doing it on TXT street it does not hit a patch.

If the version of CD at the time of purchase is v 2.00, it is perfect and it actually contains v 2.01. Sorry about this neighborhood confusion.

## (Beat) Shop consignment Do you have a resale? . . . orz

For [dated publications,](http://e.danmaq.com/) we accept [danmaq personal mail order](http://e.danmaq.com/) .

## (Beat) Las boss of the dream conquest is Makubura's pakuri

Sorry, I'm sorry I was interested but I have never seen anything I have seen yet

## (Beat) I think that it is good to die!

I am too used to knocking on this hand and I feel that I do not feel a bit at all!

## (Beat) It is doubt whether this game which is out of official setting can be called Oriental.

How about Ryo Masa, Tsundere Udagure, super acrobatic patchouli, (intentional) inherent name typo, others I obviously contradict the official setting? Personally, I think that it is ant if all secondary creation is done. I think that what you call secondary creation is born out of if you said so. If it says even more, Doraemon final story. (Although it's an old story) Pikachu on the side like Golgo 13.

## (Beat) It was fun

Thank you.

## (Beat) Thank you very much - can you say it?

You are not good at praising you better than being beaten. Because it's me (ry

## (Beat) Suzuki has a spirit of aloofness ('· ω · `)

That's why I longed for decadence because I have only ridden my friend's old Bang Bang

## (Beat) Leila let's hear it all

Reference link: [Buy Leila Prismriver](https://www1n.sppd.ne.jp/danmaq.com/e-danmaq/index.cgi?type=cat&no=00001000003)

## (Beat) I did not expect to come home on foot yesterday!

No problem. It happened to be close by. I thought that it was stupid to mail by this distance w

## (Beat) STG I'm not good at it TT

Where is the book being drawn?

## (Beat) The dead comes out Serial Stream?

Well Shall I deny it?

## What is a (beat) book?

Because I thought one by one with gag things and serious things for the time being. It is an unsuitable scenario for playing with a game for a moment and I wonder if I should make it a book.

## (Beat) Is it also issued in Okira?

Because it is the secret club main part, it does not come out basically though inevitably Resident A of the city will come out. Although it is easy to gray it certainly if it comes out Okiyara, I thought that it might be too easy for that.

## (Beat) Is TWilight INSanity new?

I'm sorry, I knew it for the first time this was said w

## (Beat) Stop ending and maq's motivation is already zero.

I was seriously chased by real job ... .... I feel that the shrine has been semi-paused for a while from this awku nowadays orz

## (Beat) ~ Please hold on to future development while pushing down

Pass what comes from the right to the left

## (Beat) Story of killing Reimu and enchanting reviving the body and ability of Reimu ~

A scenario in which Reimu witnessed Reimu witnessing that moment when strangers turned into Reimu stabbed out and stabbed Marisa with a kitchen knife

## (Beat) If you increase the spec, it will not move properly, dream drama.

Of course it moves w

## (Beat) Why do not you make it original?

Because it is a story that can not be done if it is original. And it is an idea I came from the east.

## (Beat) As a guest I'm going for what kind of ah ~

As for general participation, technical term seems to be able to communicate only with people who are doing circle like themselves

## (Beat) Jake painting of music CD Why is it a zombie?

Strictly it is a human being who dies (still alive). It is a character with the same name as the title appearing at the head family only with the setting text.

## (Beat) I want you to release the soundtrack of the endless drama

Perhaps one vote to not go out for a while. Even if it puts out, it may be a remake CD with a feeling like danmaq past song collection awesome ahead.

## (Beat) Pinpoint feces

Will it exist that the game of a million people really exists? Whether it is not only the one that feels that games that everyone receives is not the direction that they want to do with the same person in the first place.

## (Beat) This is not the eastern side! ~

Perhaps the one who tried playing the finished product because it was aiming for "total (ry eastern, and vertical STG and the same genre as the main house but a different vector (scenario or barrage etc)" from the head family is eastern but not to east I thought I remembered a contradictory feeling as I said, although I thought that it might have been something to make it think clearly that it was not clear to the east, but there was also a shortage of my own ability and I felt something strange Though it has become degree.

## (Beat) Try watching Nico Nico video for the time being. How much you are disliked ~

I'm trying to ROM while doing niyoyo since beta.

## (Beat) Well, winter comic is not barrage style New game is not pear?

If you wake from scratch it will be so straightforward orz

## (Beat) This is a lovable one

"Well, honestly I do not have a kimo." "Oh yeah, I want to thrust into being a human being in any era." "I agree with that ... ... It is not too overwhelming to indulge in front of himself "

## (Beat) Kana