---
title: I want to be original
post_id: '3441'
date: '2006-04-15T23:37:00+09:00'
draft: false
tag: []
---

Although it was told occasionally the time of Seijo Castle, it may be unavoidable to be seen as a degraded copy of the original home. In fact, the secondary creation of exactly the same genre as the original family is a work that is declaring it dignifiedly that there is a custom that is implicitly considered not good. It is quite limited in terms of time, and it is still further due to some compromise remaining. There is not much of a dream end drama but I am sure that I will surely beat the same thing at first. The dream conquering theater is the same as Tokiwa castle, and it is the same vertical shooting as the head office. However, the dream drama seems to be the quality of the game comparable to the head home at first glance, but if you try it I would like to make a work that makes me think that it is not a simple headquarters scenario changeover but a certain original. I'd like to complete a satisfactory trial version for the example festival for the time being. There are other problems such as aspects other than coterie activities, but this time it is a continuation of Tokiwo castle that pours all of the time and effort that it can have into a dream drama, neither compromise nor spoiling of dust, even in the final edition I would like to reclaim this dream finale as the ultimate work in the world. The dream drama is not simply a deteriorated copy of the headquarters, I want to be the original using the view of the world of the East. (Note: some Roland exaggeration expressions are included 'A `)