---
title: (1997-2003) NEC 98 MULTi model S 1 (PC-9821 first generation)
post_id: '2916'
date: '1997-11-18T20:00:00+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

It is the one on the left side of the image. ( [By the way the image is the one of October 27th, 2002](/3066) ) First complete PC for yourself. I bought it for less than 8,000 yen from Mr. TN of local acquaintance. I thought that there was evidence that Windows was stuck around Grabo stuck, but HDD did not recognize it (because it exceeded the capacity that can be recognized? Or crash?) Actually it is a FDD exclusive machine. It might have been possible to run Windows on this PC if it was a bit more financial at that time.

After that, I got a [new PC](/2922) at the end of 1998, which I used for BASIC for a while for a while but entered completely with [PC-9821 Cx / S3](/3007) acquisition, then sold for 10 yen at HARD OFF.

## FM multi tone generator PC-9801-86

Multi sound source equipped with PCM + FM + PSG etc. loaded with YAMAHA YM2608. Although it is an ordinary sound card pierced by the old PC-98, even at that time it even became a sound source of a fine DTM. Everyone in the past 98 games was made on the basis of this. It seems that it has declined since Windows came out.

At the time, I did not think about original songs and arrangements, I was doing DTM exclusively for ear copying purpose.

## Works / Other things I did

*   (Original SS) [EVIL MAGIC](/tag/evil-magic)
*   (Original SS) [勇者 ド ロ ン 末 賞 記 記](/tag/doron)

## Performance

*   CPU: intel 386 SX (20 MHz) -> Ti 486 SLC 2 (40 MHz)
*   RAM: 12.6 MB
*   GPU: Alliance Promotion-6410
*   VRAM: 1 MB
*   HDD: 1 GB (Why not recognize)
*   DRIVE: constant velocity CD-ROM drive (SCSI), 3.5 inch 2 HD FDD × 3 (3 mapped only for one)
*   NET: (NONE)
*   SOUND: Onboard (equivalent to PC - 9801 - 86 / PCM + FM 6 sound + PSG 3 sound + 6 rhythms)
*   OS: MS-DOS 6.2