---
title: Digital camera fraud
post_id: '3066'
date: '2002-10-27T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

Finally the neta story came down. It just does not matter so well It says that it does not matter how you should just mention the neta ......! I bought a digital camera with Tsuwake. Even if it says a digital camera, it is not such a troublesome thing but a built-in mobile phone. Although I would like to take various shots promptly as I purchased it, I can not afford to publish everything first, so I'm psychological with my simple face self timer. I thought about posting this face photograph, but too _beautiful boys passed_ too much, so the _visitor's eyes were crushed_ on the day when I posted such a thing, so it was forced to enter the store because _it could be demanded for compensation_ . By saying, let's post the computer booth of the home that I took next. Shall I come and talk about it? The [main PC](/homebuilt-2) I am using is displaying 3D graphics in the center. (Although the main body is hidden in the back of the chair, it can not be seen) This PC is still useful because it complains in Kogyal if it is in a bad mood. Next is the screen saver on the right is " [98 MULTi Canbe" NEC PC-9821Cx](/98multi-cxs3) . I wanted a PC of i486 DX 2 class which can use both N88 BASIC and Windows 98 this summer. I was searching for a junk shop and found this guy at 2500 yen. Moreover, although this PC, originally it is i486SX - 33 MHz, intel DX 4 - 100 MHz equivalent ODP and 28 MB RAM is loaded and I was thinking impulsively buying. Currently I use it for the test of self-made games and TV viewing. (It is badly painful that it does not correspond to DirectX 8 ....) The thing that glows at the end at the last is that it is deceived as a high-performance PC five years ago and bought 15000 yen and bought "the [first generation" 98 MULTi , PC-9821 model S1](/pc-9821) . Since HDD is not loaded, eventually there is no use application, and it will live as a submachine dedicated to N88BASIC. (The role was also stolen by PC-9821Cx as mentioned above and it is rarely used now)