---
title: Representative habitat
post_id: 326
date: '2012-11-27T22:20:00+09:00'
draft: false
tag: []
---

I am living in Minami-senju, a downtown in Tokyo, restarting my life from February 2014. There is something I want a little bit recently, so I'm thinking about moving out to save the rent for saving, but the expense is hard to accumulate. Someone [gold](http://kure.danmaq.com) .

## ◆ Housing Transition

*   2014 - present: Tokyo Arakawa-ku · Minami-senju. The size of a room comparable to the time of Itabashi.
*   2013 - 2014: Moromizu-cho, Iruma-gun, Saitama Prefecture. Back home for a year due to various circumstances.
*   2009 - 2013: Sumida-ku, Tokyo, Higashigaki-jima. Near the Sky Tree. It was an affordable rent for the good location.
*   2007 ~ 2009: Itabashi-ku, Tokyo · Lotus Root (Do not say Lotus Notes!), It is near Takashimadaira. It was nearly 40 m 2 and it was wide like an idiot. Recently I was crushed into parking lot.
*   2004 ~ 2007: Saitama Prefecture Higashi-gun · Arashiyama-cho. That infamous Leo ...... Oops It seems that someone has come. Let's not say any more.
*   1988-2004: Saromama prefecture Iruma-gun · Moriyama Town. Moved next to a parcel around 1994. Even now, this is my family home.
*   1986-1988: Tokyo Higashiyamasa city · Nakahara. The apartment where I lived even now is alive. (However, it has been replaced with a completely different color)
*   1984 ~ 1986: It seems that it is near Nerima-ku and Tokyo Oizumi in Tokyo, but the exact place is unknown. There is no doubt that it was the bank of the Shirako River.
*   1982-1984: Arakawa-ku, Tokyo, Nishioku. The first floor is a taxi company. I found out about only about this place in general, but finally found it.
*   1981-1982: Born in Kamedo, Katsushika Ward, Tokyo. My grandmother's house is still there.