---
title: I want to live loose this year
post_id: '3639'
date: '2008-01-01T23:00:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

C73 It was Otsu & Happy New Year. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to those who purchased the danmaq work. If I think about it for the first nine years in a web site, three and a half years (officially 3 years) since my coterie activity started, it looks quite long and seems to be short. So thank you again this year.

## What is this illustration?

The image is one of the skews drawn in Comiket (I really wanted to draw relationships with mice, but it was perfectly forgotten) orz As usual the line is not beautiful. I do not get accustomed to drawing one. Every time I draw one sheet at home, I've finished it by self repressing about 5 times on the light board, but I guess I'll try to practice with the lightboard sealed on this machine.

## Slightly important notice

Sorry, I'm sorry, I will _pause danmaq activity for a while_ . The period is about six months to one year. There are plenty of things left to do yet so I will come back later the following year. Thank you very much for taking care of everyone until now.

## Activities that will continue even during inactivity

[danmaq Personal Mail order "e-danmaq"](http://e.danmaq.com/)

*   Inventory production of past works (limited to handmade works such as CD-R · Copy books only)
*   Update and maintain web site
*   Extremely small individual creative activity to the extent that it is not far from him
