---
title: Take the Tokyo Metro 10000 series
post_id: '3515'
date: '2006-09-14T23:42:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

Tokyo Metro 10000 series which happened to encounter in the Tojo line section while coming home. Since it is a corner, it is a test to try riding. If it had been seen from the outside until now, it has been several times. It is slightly impressive. Ironic terms may be coming out, but please go around. The exterior has a streamlined face that is rare for gentle trains. The first thing I saw from the outside was "what this express train". If the LED head mark is embedded in the bottom of the evacuation door at the top, it is perfect now. And a red brown belt. Eventually will it be dedicated to No. 13 (Yurakucho New Line)? The appearance was Moro Express type, but as I entered it, the first impression was "What is this E231 series". A dual monitor LCD like Yamanote line is embedded. (And even the design of the screen information is exactly the same!) And even the door chime was exactly the same sound I felt a sense of incompatibility with the drift. It seems JR vehicles are running on Tobu Line. Besides, Tobu feel uncomfortable because there is no departure melody (only a horn). (I initially thought it was a 2 time chime like the Metro 07 series) Although the interior was a feeling of seemingly E231 series and Tobu 50000 series plus 2 divided by 2 but looking good it took considerably more money than both I can understand well. In the E231 series, the place made of plastic is full metal, the through door is full glass, the ceiling is indirect lighting and it is pretty nice. I wanted an intermediary vehicle with cross seats in all seats with indirect lighting with an orange fluorescent light. (It seems that I want to make it a express express way by all means.) There is no VVVF sound that I have never heard of the driving sound. Relatively quiet one. But it is inferior to the quietness of Tobu 50000 series. Because railroad angle so put Siemens (ry Recent vehicles were a lot of cheap and bad, so this car seems quite luxurious and I guess I might like it ... Kawagoe-san passed this guy twice. Does not it change, it enters a lot more than the Tobu 50000 series and it does not exchange it to 30000 series of Isesaki line and 8000 series of Tojo line?> T Takeshi railroad Mr. Take army railroad Mr. Yamagata rather than 100 seats also designated on the Tojo line Run a commuter liner 'A `
