---
title: Renewal starts!
post_id: 6405
date: '2015-05-05T18:40:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

The danmaq Web page has been renewed this time, as the 10th anniversary of danmaq formation and the first anniversary exhibition 10th anniversary, and the opening of the Web page is also the 16th anniversary. Please note that **we** are **still transitioning articles** from [danmaqlassic](https://danmaq.com/legacy) **and still only about half of the articles can be read** .

## Main points

Although the old version was conscious of smartphone and tablet to some extent, it was a bit inconvenient for display with mouse over, so we tried a UI based on touch environment this time. Also, I used plenty of large letters to make it clearly readable on small terminals.

## Good story anyhow

This is the 5th renewal since the formation of danmaq this time. Looking back on the past it looks like this.

*   2004 prototype version: color based on green & purple. Well this was open to the public only for about a month, so as a nookan ......
*   2005 first generation: color based on light purple & black. It was a one-column manual blog. Writing pages in XML and converting on XSL stylesheet on client side.
*   2008 2nd generation: It became 2 columns, and by collapsing and displaying the article, I filled up a lot of articles on one page. Not yet a manual blog.
*   2011 Third generation: Automated by self-made blog system "NUE". Successfully swapping the contents wholly as possible without changing the appearance. It is still in operation because the article is being migrated.
*   2013 Fourth generation: Full transition to Wordpress. The theme is based on what is called WPMetro, and mostly made his own part. Wholly convert to the color based on white here.
*   2015 5th generation: This time the theme is full scratch! **Reason for** Reasons **Reason for Reason** danmaq 10.5th Anniversary, 10th Anniversary of the First Doujin Exhibition! ...... Actually, in reality, I really wanted to make a danmaq commercial activity web page separately, and it seems that danmaq was renewed as well. I just wanted to do a technical experiment using Wordpress, so I felt like two birds with one stone. The commercial activity web page " [DAYS PRODUCTION"](http://day.danmaq.com/) is still in the stage of entering the design.
