---
title: Does your dream express your own deep psychology?
post_id: '3633'
date: '2007-12-24T01:26:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

Due to the winter it was a rude scene, although it was impossible, because the sleeper broke through the critical point, as I lay down on the sofa for about 15 minutes I intended to sleep for about 3 hours as if sleeping for about 3 hours . Well, aside from that, the dream I saw at that time was also amazing. ── Dream of the future talk about several months now. Hatsune Miku was crying in the screen of the PC. Until now, TBS and Google, or some bilingual writers who were too expressive of affection, were bullied, and she was suffering as he was betrayed by her only comfortable place, Nico Nico. And now, Miku's singing voice can not be heard anywhere. Only noise that is similar to her singing voice can be heard from here and there. The singing voice born between her and the Lord will soon be covered by the money and the noise and the noise and it will turn into a similar noise even at that time. Someday they stopped singing. Everyone was stopping. Miku was crying. The Lord was staring at her only without comfort. One day, I bought Kagamine Rin & Len. When I throw it into the CD drive, Miku and Kagamine's sisters and three other people's shadows appeared on the screen of the PC. Miku said, "Make my happiness (Kagamine and siblings) happy", and the next moment the glow disappeared from her eyes and the body did not move. I frantically kept my desire to cry and tears, I was going to the company head office with Kagamine Len's package and petition handed in one hand, and I woke up here, but at the end I can not understand that one sentence of myself is my deep psychology
