---
title: Bitches of work
post_id: '3479'
date: '2006-07-13T21:54:00+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

How can I make such a terrible HTML ... `<noscript>` does `<noscript>` across `<title>～</title>～<body>` and think about what the heck is it with HTML? To worry. Do you understand nesting? Do you take the trouble to build up javascript on the update date or head? I think. Moreover, only for the display of the update date and time, "If Javscript is turned off, the page is normal (it is rough or not.) Because it's your own server, you can use it even on SSI. The tag is case-sensitive and the attribute value is" If you are loading a style sheet in the first place, do not do `bgcolor=""` with `<font>` tags or `<body>` , etc. For centering only Do not use a table on the table, do you know what the stylesheet is for? There is no `alt` attribute on the important `img` link, I do not even remember words to return anymore ... By the way, if you score with [Another HTML - Lint](http://www.htmllint.net/) it is awesome minus Over 1000 points. If it is a web app type soft shop, you can write a bit more mathematical HTML if you are a software app owner like a web site? Well, after all, "This company can not write HTML even with HTML → There is no skill "Why can you lick the page of your own page renewal approval document → conference → it will be approval of a great person, no wonder why newcomers who do not join the company for three months suddenly can make a written approval, well A test to try to complain on the back of this kind of flier. Postscript: I wrote an approval note, I was not even accepted as a habit of rookie of newcomers.