---
title: I tried to make a barrack style library
post_id: '3483'
date: '2006-07-21T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

With this one I tried to make " [Framework of LunAtic Notation](/tag/flan) " for eastern bullet-like framework library for middle to large scale script which can cover a wide range of stages / enemies (boss / small fish / magician) / bullet / event script Try the test. It does not mean that I can not use it even with a small script, but it seems that the load may be heavy volumetrically. Since I have not tested the tap, I am a pillar of Kibonne. It is becoming uneasy whether it really matches the summer comic 'A `It is [Herbot that](/harbot) heals of such a rough heart. there is no name yet.

## Added on July 22nd 2006

We released the [Framework of LunAtic Notation version 0.0d to the](/tag/flan) eastward bullet style framework library. Sample addition & error crashed in large quantities because it got out so much that it could not be written in one line.

## (Beat) Go, Marisa! Save Reimu!

♪ So you ~ ~ love ~ wandering ~ keep on walking ~ traveler ~ (that something different

## (Beat)> (it is also not quite related) You had never been to advertise?

Kukuku ...... Where the mouse ...... I wonder if the students who wrote themselves are lurking ... ...

## (Beat) I felt that the exercise condition was a bit too tight.

I tried to make it stricter, including the meaning of half spoil prevention, but I will consider to make it a little loose.

## (Beat) melon pan! ! ! ! ! !

But I was disliked to eat until last year 'A `

## (Beat) Chih - ha - chan? !

Woooo something is garbled! Is it a script mistake? It was Suman though it wrote me points.

## (Beat) How is the effect different from Martin card?

Dark resistance and chick tolerance have different attributes.

## (Beat) ooo ー ー ー Will you take me away? Wonder?

It's OK, but do not cook, I'm afraid I'm afraid I think that it's better to hide that お (^ ω ^)

## (Beat) This, Hiyokko www

If you hit it you will be crying and falling down.