---
title: logo
post_id: '3061'
date: '2002-09-15T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

It has been a year since the terrorist attack in NY. Early one year and two months (I do not know anyone) since I started my part time job at a convenience store. It is early thing. By the way, I've criticized the site for those people at "Advertising & Evaluation Thread" on this bulletin board [making manual on](http://smartworks.jp/dasa/) this occasion. As a result, I was able to hear objective opinions that I could not think of myself. For example ...... Previous to this site we added a color to the scroll bar (InternetExplorer 5.5 or later limited function), but with that new Windows XP GUI new "Luna" scroll bar only Windows 95 yuzuri become outdated It is said to be. I am using Windows XP Professional, but I do not use much heavy Luna, so probably it would have been a while since I did not point out. However, in the criticism one point of concern is pointed out. According to the story, something Toka Toka _restless_ _feel a strong sense of discomfort in this logo._ I can not understand this all the time. Well there are also differences in the sensitivity of each other. Therefore, I would like to take a questionnaire to everyone this time. I would be happy if you answered frankly how you feel by looking at this logo (eg, "a firm atmosphere," "something scary" or whatever). We also prepared a dedicated answer form that can be answered with the same feeling as writing on the bulletin board, so please use it. We are waiting for your participation. The questionnaire recruitment ended. Thank you for your many answers.
