---
title: Pleasure of this week
post_id: '3023'
date: '2002-01-07T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: false
tag: []
---

It may write until the things that you do not understand, such as "Pleasure of the Week" that you decided to write weekly, sometimes hard story, short story in your free time, but what about?

## Mission 1: Master HTML that is displayed normally everything in IE, NN, Lynx, iMode, JSKY or EZweb!

Well, here "Vanished YASiM - CITY", but do not you think it 's JIMI - like feeling compared to the past? (Although recently known people may think that this is also normal, but ... ...) In the past I used the front page express, there is a memory that made a fancy design fancy page, but last night, at the end of the university When I looked at "Netscape 4.5" which was supposed to be a standard browser on a personal computer ... _... ... Is_ it all _right?_ Is not the loading done? No, it seems to be displayed properly. Even after confirming the source it is displayed to the end. But why is not it displayed? What's wrong ~ !? Although the title is properly displayed. The color of the body is also good. I never thought of it here, trying to remove the table tag which enclosed the entire page ha ha ... ... Is not it displayed properly? When we assembled a simple table for testing, it was displayed normally. The cause seems to be in the process where the table is getting bigger and heavier. As you all know, Netscape is one of the most famous browsers with many display related bugs. Especially bugs in style sheets are not odd. Actually, I realized that I got messed around, but when I specified border-width in the `CAPTION` tag, the _table is not displayed!_ Perhaps it's a coincidence that happened in complex relationships such as other tags and style sheets, but it is not displayed anyway! Incidentally, in version 6 this bug has been resolved. Was good. Well, this time "It _makes HTML which is displayed normally by every browser_ ", but it is _impossible_ from the conclusion. I can not make such a thing. Unlike HTML or something like PDF, the display method of all tags is not specified in dot units. If there are 10 browsers, there should be a way to display 10. You should not ask for a layout that originally sticks to HTML! As I say further, the freshly made site may seem to cry so the layout ... ... Well ... I will admit it. However, display / decorations should be summarized in a style sheet. The TABLE tag should not be used without thinking anything. The larger the table, the more time it takes to display. It would be good to know that loading time would be required for images. For your information, this page does not use any tables other than the Web RINGS below. And, although I have said what I'd like to say so far, there is a limit in reality style sheets. IE is also one person, but there are more memories that I did not match with the eyes by using style sheets. Although it said impossible to make HTML which is normally displayed in every browser in the past, you do not have to think about increasing the corresponding browser even a little. I think that it would be fine if I can display normally with IE 5, NN 6 and 4, then Lynx. More than that should be made up of separate files. Doubles will double, but that will be much easier on layout design. For reference, this page is _not normally displayed on NN 4_ (lol