---
title: Can I get it?
post_id: 3553
date: '2007-02-14T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

First of all, today is an update only for announcement, so please acknowledge it. Well well. I am thinking in the direction to take a slight rest for C72. Because what I am planning now is a little big, I can not make it in time for C72 even though I thought that I do not have the confidence that I can only halfway things in something I thought from now. Instead, C73 makes a small piece of goods, and whether C74 will be in time for fluffs? I am optimistic about the test. Beyond description. Honest below. I could not secure the time to go to the post office either. (゚ ∀ ゚ *) No It is not a lie, but a serious person. I wonder if there are too many things I want to make and it really ends with a cup next year. 'A `Oh, that's right, I also got a trial version C2.02 I gotta do it orz

## (Beat) I'm sorry, I have no money to buy a dream drama (No ___) No ~ ~ Convex

There is wwwww

## Please do your best at the bottom of the (Beat) genre (Toho)

Gangal (`· ω · ')

## (Beat) What is ksg? "Kasuga !!"?

Please let me use it as normal as VIP language 'A `Or maybe I'm gone! Or do you want me to say "Omaemonner"?

## (Beat) What is Toho STG next time?

It is STG in the east.

## (Beat) I do not get complaints from the head family? ~

Complaints have not come due to such a matter. Although there were some cases if it involved cheating. Well, next time I will also name the eastern side, but since I'm planning a title that will not be done at home.

## (Beat) If you can make it so far, I'd like you to compete with the original

Well, this is the original g (Yes Yes Fishing & Hattari B) Simply wanted to see the direct spell card confrontation with Eh - sama and Bumbun Maru and Kureima Town - Eiya imaginary formula. I wanted to experience the barrage fight with Megumi once again. Is not such a barrage like her? I also thought. And it fitted to the story that happened to be conceived. As a reason just for this reason 'A `' My spelling card thought 'should not be realized? Not only spell cards but also spell cards from everything from dot picture to music to stage to story all included, it was only a dream come true. Briefly saying, I will borrow the word of Mr. KOM at komkom.com, "I love the east and so ─ ─" This word is exhausted.

## (Beat) ~ Why is it so heavy?

I guess you can understand it by looking around with "interpreter". So I think that next time I will leave the barrage style. Spec spec specification Spec spec specifications lack of specification ~

## (Beat) - I feel like I touched a fresh 'Gensokyo' barrage after a long absence. ~

Thank you.

## (Beat) ~ Rather rather feeling that it will lead to life Owata

Girls in Gensokyo will feel better as they feel much better than the current human beings.

## (Beat) What is glasses

Recently contact group.

## (Beat) ~ How many hours a day are you sleeping? ~

Recently it is about 4 hours because the cause of the year is getting easier to lose shape. When I was making Huzengzung castle, I was fine at all even in this one-third place. Oh I'm working I'm a lose group I 'A `

## Did you fix it with a character in the direction that you say (beat) ... nice! !

OK, I caught the first one! !

## (Beat) Is there no character setting text?

It is hidden somewhere in the main body after vR 1.02 or later. When you do something you will be able to see it. (I was implementing it since vR 1.00, but it was supposed not to display it)

## (Beat) It was pretty good unexpected that it was heavy with stone, story and sound effect

Thank you for your impression as I expected.

## (Beat) Can you send it? this

I forgot to paste the link to the special page you've used "How to use web applause that you can understand even with Cirno" 'A `

## (Beat) Whether it was a sad but strongly drawn story. Is the barrage a little tepid? ~

It's difficult to show objective indicators of difficulty. The monster called the author correction is definitely called orz

## (Beat) ^ w ^ w ^ w ^

^ \- ^ \- ^^ \- ^

## (Beat) You want Eternal Phantasmagoria ('· ω · `)

MP3 goes round in the dream drama CD-ROM Why do not you go in?

## (Beat) thC_ptf.exe can only reproduce 143 KB when decompressing the patch file ~

Did you try downloading again?

## (Beat) This is a good kitchen site

I am awake ...! What a hell you say ...! ! Lonely ...! ! Not yet ... I could not reach my childhood! !

## (Beat) (F) With why is it free?

Time Closing Castle and dreaming drama and Leila are not lucky.
