---
title: Recent report
post_id: '3689'
date: '2009-01-16T22:57:00+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

Next to the web trial version of the previous puzzle game that eliminates certain bubbles, this time I am doing the task of making a retrospective STG remake version of the tea. I do not think I knew a lot of jobs will fly from anywhere. I thought that I was really glad I made a [dream play](/!/thC/) .

I do not care but now I understand the relationship between the drama drama and Melbra. Hatena Mark continued dancing in my head every time I kept saying it a lot and it became a bulb mark now. Was it so?

## Flex SDK note

It is a Vector class implemented in Flex SDK 3.2, but unshift seems to be not working. Before and after `trace(vec.length);` Numerical values ​​do not change even if you try. Even if I search the net all the way I can not find it ... ... or say Flash 10 compatible! Hiding in the shadow of Vector, there are few documents of Vector. Maybe, have you bugged? Would you like to investigate again on a weekend?

After updating the UIComponent class (the base class of Canvas), the size of Flash swf expanded from 26 KB to 440 KB. A person with a barrage style (Mr. mr.) Said, but I felt the shock since I was boosting the BoE after using Boost in C ++. Are you a demon?

## 1/17 20: 20 Additional notes

If you write a very simple code like the one below, Array increases its value normally, but Vector does not increase by more than 1. Perhaps it has stopped bugging?

## Source

`package{ import flash.display.Sprite; public class test extends Sprite{ public function test(){ var vecA:Vector.<int> = new Vector.<int>(); var vecB:Vector.<Hoge> = new Vector.<Hoge>(); var arr:Array = []; var i:int; trace(arr.length, vecA.length, vecB.length); for(i = 0; i < 3; i++){ vecA.unshift(i); vecB.unshift(new Hoge(i)); arr.unshift(new Hoge(i)); } trace(arr.length, vecA.length, vecB.length); trace("\----------"); for(i = 0; i < 3; i++){ trace(arr.pop(), vecA.pop(), vecB.pop()); } } } } class Hoge{ public var m_n:int; public function Hoge(n:int){ m_n = n; } public function toString():String{ return m_n.toString(); } }`

## output

0 0 0 3 3 **1** \-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\- 0 0 2 1 1 **undefined** 2 2 **undefined** \[SWF\] C: \ Documents and Settings \ mikuh \ My Documents \ Flex Builder 3 \ test \ bin-debug \ test.swf - 1,776 bytes (after compression)

## 1/18 19: 50 Addendum

It [seems that it was a bug of FlexSDK side after](http://bugs.adobe.com/jira/browse/ASC-3620) all. However, it seems that it has already been dealt with, but it seems that the latest version of FlexSDK has not healed even if it came in. For the time being, the coding will turn around for the foreseeable future, but would you substitute with splice?