---
title: Replace the songs in 2005 (ry
post_id: '3366'
date: '2005-12-27T20:08:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

Test something like Mr. ssry and Mr. x: B doing something interesting so we tried self-reflection sessions with piggybacking. Probably oldest order. This year, I did not make any new original songs, but Shobonne.

## Huizen seal: Westward Children (1 side road)

Fishbowl ball + Romantic Children at the West Children. But only the autumn frost ball's intro. Although I was not accustomed to MusicStudioIndependence after 2 years, I managed to make it somewhat.

## Tokugi: [Circus of the](/filez/music/thA09.mp3) Phantom [~ Reverie](/filez/music/thA09.mp3) (4 Boss · Leila)

A song that was decided as a theme for Leila from the planning stage. It was not a battle scenery with Reimu, but rather made a delusion of the scene that produces the three sisters of the Rainbow Nobusuki not being able to endure loneliness. Jake painting of CD " [Leila Prismriver](https://danmaq.com/!/leila/) " issued in C 69 is exactly drawn with the intention of a scene like this.

## Tokkojo: [Mysterious everyday of a flying shrine maiden](/filez/music/thA101.mp3) (title)

A song that was decided as Tokkajo title BGM from the beginning. I produced a large amount of submerged phrases and made considerable difficulty, but I think that eventually it got compacted. I will reflect on later that it was good that one loop was a bit longer.

## Time Wall seal: Witch of Love Potion (2 way road), magician of dusk (1 boss · Alice), dreamy corridor of white gold (3 way road)

Because ↑ 's three songs are based on the original song MIDI based on various fingers, they do not shine so much as compared to the original song orz I regret that I could put more unique phrases or something.

## Seijo Castle: EnigmatiqueDoll ~ Phantom Shape (4 way road)

He died at the ear copy of a flowing piano part. Perhaps I think the longest production period was long.

## Time Seongseong: Magician Mary (5th way)

Although I had decided to go with original song emphasis, I finally got to be my ear copy only 'A `I guess I wanted to put a bit more original.

## Tokugi: Girl secretary club (5 Boss · Mary)

Science After finishing the secret club of the century, I flew away from HDD again and started singing tears from zero to my ears.

## Seijo Castle: Passing through the Dendella Field at Night (On the 6th Pass)

Originally thought that it was meant to arrange as a young descendant of Tsepesh, it seems that there is not anything like Tepesu anywhere 'A `

## Tokugi: Legend of Hourai - Fantasy not finished (Staff Roll)

From the beginning of the project Tsuzugi Castle Staff Roll BGM was decided as a song. Penglai doll The final Tr is OP and the first Tr is ED, there are reasons involved in the scenario, but that is another story.

## Tokiro: Castle Yogi (6 boss · vienna)

Well I knew it, but this was the theme of the secret club. 'A `

## Tokiro: Castle Ichizuki Illusion - Alternative Age (6 boss · hypnotic last spell)

Self Moon Self Arrangement of Weird Month ... I am going to just edit it.

## Tokugi: Flower of the past ~ Fairy of Flower (EX face road)

In VSC recklessly a song that splendfully scattered thought to try straight from the ZUN pet. Well I think I could arrange for an atmosphere like EX.

## Tokugi: [Dream of Hana](/filez/music/k2.mp3) (EX Boss / Renko)

Originally it was such impudent song that the soul was reckless to arrange Huaxi's dreams in a Necro Fantasia style, but if it is incorporated into the game, it is unexpectedly the EX seems to come out Well it is OK. Memory that I struggled with difficulty became Burugi Burakku like FF Boss battlefight as I fought at first when I fought for it.

## Seijojo: Science Century and dream of illusion (ending)

ED song selection is not finalized until the end, I thought about arranging a science century boys and girls more than dreaming, then it was completed in around six hours, in early Copenhagen BGM → Early Copy → Arrange → Completed Was the fastest song. However, whatever fighting is, it can not wipe the bad ending feeling orz

## Tokugi: [Magic of Life](/filez/music/thA05.mp3) (2 boss · Sakuya)

[It is a song originally made in 2004,](/filez/music/ml.mp3) but HDD work disappearance & working sound data are bad and remade from the beginning. Although it is the same VSC sound source as Buzz's time, remember that the Tp sound inevitably got mugged and struggled. It was after trafficking that I knew that the key was just too low ... orz

## Tokijo Castle: [Ringo Fairy ~ Reincarnation](/filez/music/thA107.mp3) (3 Boss · Lily)

After repeated difficulties in arranging, eventually the last song that was made in the sealed castle. I certainly have been caught a lot with the songs of beatmaniaIIDX three weeks ago. Also, Miki-sama is sorry I decided to make it the theme of Lily.

## Leila: [Sumire Paper Factory Cherry Broths!](/filez/music/pcb2005.mp3)

A remake of a [perfect cherry blossom](/filez/music/outtake/pcb.mp3) · finished version. The HDD disappears in February and the original data disappears and remake from the beginning. The phrase in the latter half came up strangely and naturally emerged, and it was possible to finish it till the end.

## Leila: The Legend of KAGE

Tokiwa castle not yet recorded. Slightly general versatility is too strong and it goes into the warehouse. It may be wanted to record on thC.

## Joint CD: [Science Century 's Secret Club](/filez/music/gfc.mp3) (Fantasy Music Festival)

In February, the song that was rashing in the situation where the HDD was broken and all disappeared, and it was the last minute finish three hours before the deadline. I got locked without time but this may have been a straight deployment with this.

## Joint CD: [EnigMadDolly](http://lama.danmaq.com/lama/mp3/32.mp3) (Fantasy Lama Festival)

I only gave BPM 130 to 500. One place becomes BPM 1 digit. I reflect on the small amount of material vocabulary.

## Joint CD: [DENDERA-MAXIMUM](http://lama.danmaq.com/lama/mp3/10.mp3) (Fantasy Lama Festival)

This is also faster. Because it became something like a metal, try changing the tone etc etc

## Joint CD: [Uvalq-Fjonikiev Science](http://lama.danmaq.com/lama/mp3/21.mp3) (Fantasy Lama Festival)

I'm getting tired of fast playback so I will play back in reverse. What is the place around the song casually?

## Joint CD: [Eiken Rin Ben Performance Ceremony](http://lama.danmaq.com/lama/mp3/19.mp3) (Fantasy Lama Festival)

In the middle of the night, I got on my laptop computer and microphone bag and went through a forest road by a [single car](/tag/yb-1) and cried out with a nature studio called Mt. However, when I went there at a later date, there was no such **thing as** " **attention alert** " signs' A `

## Joint CD: [Largest Eastern CD of this century (tentative name) listen crossfade](http://lama.danmaq.com/lama/mp3/16.mp3) (fantasy Lama festival)

Firstly Koiro Master Spark + Episode of Nursery Rhymes only was escalated ... ... Ah, no! I forgot to make this CD t (ry

## Joint CD: [abbreviated (ry](http://lama.danmaq.com/lamarisa/mp3/15.mp3) (discolored music festival)
