---
title: Announcement concerning the distribution of winter comic C 69
post_id: 3367
date: '2005-12-28T23:30:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

There is a very disappointing announcement about the distribution in this winter comic.

## Winter comic distribution of TOUHOU UNREAL will be canceled

This is an honest story, it is too sorry that we call it a motion test version too, but it is very disappointing but we will not distribute the distribution in winter comics this time. Instead, as an apology, I will publish the operation test version completely free in January. After that, I will frequently frequently upgrade and publish the web, and I would like to publish the free trial version of the web to the web.

## Delay of distribution of fate - Wind of peace -

Although it is a music CD that our circle has dealt with in consignment, this will be distributed from the afternoon with trouble on delivery. When you put together the talk, the distribution on the day

*   **All day distribution: Leila Prismriver (music CD: 300 yen)**
*   **Distribution from the afternoon: Fate -Wind of peace- (Music CD / entrustment: 800 yen)** Please note. Although it will be a very disappointing result for those who are looking for it from far away, I would like to apologize in this place. I appreciate your understanding.
    
    ## Apology of banner typo
    
    There was a typographical error in the banner of [Leila Prismriver](https://danmaq.com/!/leila/) . There is 11/30 C69, but correctly it is **12/30 C69** . (I think that there are no mistaken people to mistakenly) I corrected it, so I will apologize as I replace it.
