---
title: Merry sorry for the good year
post_id: '3544'
date: '2007-01-04T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

happy New Year! There was it! It has already passed! Now that 500,000 Hit is supposed to be 500,000 hip now! 1! ! This year I can paint a lot of Marisa's butt (or better) (Good) hey this year is a young age! (A 'Would you misread it before?) Honest talk, I want to step on with Marisa in the butt. Such anxiety w wow drftrgy yoshiko lp;

## Thank you for picking up the dream drama

Thanks to you, although it was not sold out at the winter comic C71 of the other day, nearly 60% went over to everyone's tea room. Thank you very much.

## (Introduction of test) web mail order has started

Well, for those who could not get lucky, [I tried introducing web mail order this time (SSL compatible browser required)](http://e.danmaq.com/) . Not limited to the dream of the dreams, we deal with Tokkojo & Leila and all past works of danmaq. Try moving it for a moment, if it seems that you can shop properly, it is going to start in earnest.

## About future of danmaq

This dream end drama is the biggest, and I think that I will continue my activities with a feeling shrinking for a while from here. It is because I got a job to find out where I made a mistake. Next work ... Well at first it is Tokijo castle v2.00 & Dream drama v1.02.

## Other update information

I added two additional [JAVA study games and I](/category/products/apps?tag=java) will add them. As I absolutely needed Java skills on my job I studied and studied as a study.

## No clapping

I will accumulate as soon as I'm skipping.

## (Beat) I wonder if it should already be done in original rather than in the east? ~

─ ─ Because I like Toho. (borrowing the word of komkom.com)

## (Beat) Dead, please died instead of Mr.

Abhor more!

## I will definitely go buy it tomorrow. I expect the dream last!

How was it?

## (Beat) What did you end up sorting out?

It was super girlish!

## (Beat) I think that the name "East OOO" is the most confusing. ~

Please rest assured, it is only Seijo and dream drama at present.

## (Beat) one more thing in the beginning, unintentionally, it is a lie! ! ! It was a story that I wanted to say

Because I think that she is the girl most closely watching Reimu in Gensokyo. That is why she was chosen.

## (Beat) The last machine was lost when the last spell was hit by the dream last movie star.

mjd? I will do a little verification

## (Beat) entrustment will be pleasure after a month.

If you are impatient as much as ours, [web mail order](http://e.danmaq.com/) is also done

## (Beat) This is! It was impossible to applaud! very nice!

Thank you very much.

## (Beat) Dream drama EX Boss is also cunning?

Because she survived and everything that Marisa survived is coincidental. There is not much funny coincidence? People in front of us took a break from lucky draw.

## (Beat) Do not put the old rasubos on the first to third sides!

For her, both the gods of the Makai and the falsehoods were mere existence of the same.

## (Beat) Please beat the neighborhood in the future and knock it down

Ha ha! Directive, I received it! !