---
title: '"Mariasa"'
post_id: '3415'
date: '2006-03-05T02:59:00+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

Writing in Hiragana feels something very affectionate 'A `

## "Mariasa" in a PC or bookshelf

*   Copy books and books full (and a majority is Marisa main)
*   Mayday's love color music festival
*   Ishibo's discoloration music festival
*   Detachment
*   Poster of Ramarisa
*   Self-made Marisa hat (remodeled Halloween cap)

## "Masasa" who is now being fantasized (Omakase)

*   It is not so blatant as Alice but delicately tsundere
*   It is aggressive at the time of calm but it gets accepted as soon as the emotion increases
*   When Alice or Rinnosuke says that no one of Reimu is lost, it seems that they will start crying in less than a month.
*   This is my my justice! 1!

## "Masasa" (real intention) who is now fantasized

*   We will have seven hundred gifts in Marisa's buttocks
*   ...... Because I understood, the broom there, replaced me

**The first encountered "Mariasa"**

Mr. Higashi was pressed on C64 's booty items, and it was the encounter with the east where the mysterious dream came in, and it was also encounter with Marisa. By the way, initially it was not a favorite character even in the east, that there are habits in operation and the tone is outrageous compared to Reimu. Even now it is still weak manipulation of Marisa As usual Remarks Only play remember to use Reimu. 'A `

## Special mentality "Mariasa"

Marisa of Eastern Dreaming Imagination Let 's say why I'm sorry I can not say the reason for the catch - copy of the music festival

## What is "Masasa" for you

If it was not there when the sealed castle was dismantled danmaq last and participated in small joint projects etc. as anonymous nameless. That much existence.