---
title: ('· Ω · `) PC ぼ ー ん · afterwards
post_id: 3476
date: '2006-06-30T20:39:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

It seems that PCs repaired tomorrow will be back. But this breakdown seems to be pretty painful ...... Even though it's just fine, it's seriously gagging whether it really makes it in time. Updated [Toei bullet style syntax file for EmEditor](https://danmaq.com/emeditor-danmakufu) , this time only bug fixes.

## (Beat) danmaq You can come to this thread again

This thread for Uchi is neither Gesaro nor Tencel castle thread nor barrage style threads' A `Actually, it is almost not written except barrage style threads. Gesaro is written only to the extent that it counts (it is also not quite related), when it comes to Tokijo castle thread it has not been written even once ... why does such growth grow like this

## (Beat) I knew the specifications of that laptop ---! ! ! There

[It](http://www3.toshiba.co.jp/pc/catalog/ss_c/050119lu/lx_spec.htm) might be a sheer waste if I get [this neighborhood](http://www3.toshiba.co.jp/pc/catalog/ss_c/050119lu/lx_spec.htm) seen

## (Beat) I do not know how to put out the last spell - (tears)

No mistake no bom is the condition through all stages at the difficulty level over NORMAL

## (Beat) Do you still have a reimbursement for Tama Animo bento?

I do not listen directly, but as long as I see how busy he is, I do not feel like reviving for now.

## (Beat) It seems that everything is being said with a pleasant tone, but I guess I'm supposed to support you so I'm supposed to support you soon! !

A man keeps it silent, so it is beautiful. Tyuuji ... it's too much mouth in the stones!

## (Beat) Dream Drama trial trial version It was fun. I am looking forward to the completion of the product version, so please do your best.

(`· Ω · ')

## (Beat) ~ (ω · ω ·)

./, '3 `っ っ っ
