---
title: Winter Comic I applied for it
post_id: '3503'
date: '2006-08-21T21:26:00+09:00'
draft: false
tag: []
---

We released version 0.1d [of the Framework of LunAtic Notation, an](/tag/flan) eastward barrack style framework library. This time it will be mainly updated only bug fixes.

## (Beat) new work information is going to be 2005/06

Higgy! Correction is completed.

## (Beat) Summer comic cheers for good work! I bought it because I was attracted to the poster's barrage photos, but ~

Thank you very much. Surely the complete version will be equipped with barrage of about twice that size so if you can wait and wait.

## (Beat) When I saw the original seal of the seal seal cast, it is very different between v1 and v2. ~

There is still a lot of tops on the top (ry

## (Beat) Please make a lily which appears in the seal seal and dream drama healing lily.

Huh, that is ... that ...

## (Beat) Do you only have a dream drama, so can you get a healing lily?

Oh, a new cake, it looks tasty! The minimum unit of this cake is synthetic 1UP mushrooms and synthetic fresh cream.

## (Beat) When will Hido seal v 2 be like an official replacement kit?

It is slightly different. Internally, I overturn from the root of the design, and the standards are quite different on the surface. As a result, we are sorry for the sealed castle v1 replacement kit at some time, but we may need to fix it.

## (Beat) ~ certainly At the time of the seal seal cast did not say that the goal of "making things comparable to the head house with barrage style" has been achieved

At the same time, I felt that I was thinking that I just finished my career as a crowd level at the start line. Afterwards, it returns to the barrage style in successive work, also. (Since I switched the order of the next work and successively)

## (Beat) FLAN It is quite difficult. Will it be possible for me to master the barrack style as well?

Conversely, it may be exaggerated to use this system in the case of a single script or a little stage of EX Rumia class. For example, if you are a JAVA Servlet like Struts and it is a relatively advanced framework, I think that you can use it quite convenient if you get used to it.

## (Beat) Recently the cliech board came out? Are you busy?

Recently it has been pace of about one drawing in 2 to 3 months for more than one year. Two years ago I was drawing about once every 2 days.

## (Beat) From now I'm going to visit Gensokyo, will you go with us?

to go! I will accompany it now! That's why it's not good for a dream-ended stuff, but it's been spirit s (now judged