---
title: A dream I saw on the train on the way back
post_id: '3504'
date: '2006-08-23T21:43:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

I had an intense dream for a while in the train. And overcoming the orz What happened suddenly lost in Gensokyo, we wandered around and found a hallmark shrine barely. I will enter the shrine with feelings of joy that I can return home, but there is no one and I do not know how to return home. I got a little impatient and threw 100,000 yen into the saisen box and the hands were put together and I wanted to become quite inexperienced. If you look closely it was not Hakurei Shrine but Hakurei Shrine. As if it had been cursed, when it ceases to cease to stop crying, Reimu comes out from the back, and Reimu joins together until Reimu, and Marisa goes out to play If you think that you came, Marisa also gave you Ai ~ Ai ~ and it started something from Aki ~ あ ぃ ~ If you think, from inside, Ai ~ deri rama gogogo ai ~ gogo Along with sound effects Ai ~ Ai ~ Ai ~ Ai ~ Ai ~ Ai ~ Ai ~

## Pain work

Well, I can see the reason why the SE is small or thin ... I learned the orz company at 21:30, the house arrived at 23:30, and the morning exit time was past 6 o'clock ... Well there ... ... **Hey! 1! !**

## Today's update

We released version 0.1e [of the Framework of LunAtic Notation, an](/tag/flan) eastward barrack style framework library. In this time, I added an option to enable the background even when the boss is not activating the spell, and added a bug fix around the devil used.

## (Beat) Have you ever kissed danmaq? (///)

I'm sorry but I have kept her inai history for less than a year now.

## (Beat) Mourning Dreams Alice Moe! It burns originally!

Actually Momi × Ali school also. (Is not it a pear question why I was not Mary Xu Rin?

## (Beat) Is Las Boss of a dream-theater the Reimu?

I can not answer spoilerfully, but perhaps I expect you to expect something about the end of -360 degrees (one circle) that is far above your expectations.

## (Beat) What was Struts? ... I'm sorry Barrageous wind is a novice thing

[Google](http://www.google.co.jp/search?q=Apache+Struts) Struts has just released it as a story but it has nothing to do with the barrage style?
