---
title: Story (retrofitted)
post_id: '3115'
date: '2004-07-09T03:46:58+09:00'
draft: false
tags: []
---

**-1 -** Gensokyo where summer has also been living in Oita. The intense heat that hit like every day was considerably relieved. Meanwhile, Reimu was killing boredom at the shrine. Neither the mist nor the heavy rain came anymore. For the time being Today I drank another cup The moment it got up to prepare for lunch, a fairy came suddenly from behind. ... ... but the settlement came in one moment. Nothing, the opponent was the only female fairy. This is something routinely similar to being bitten by mosquitoes, but Reimu has found extraordinaryness here. As soon as that fairy was annihilated by Reimu and disappeared, it certainly appeared to be wearing the maiden 's clothes at the Kajinkan. It is impossible for ordinary maid fairies to come out of the Scarlet Dynasty. It is about Sakuya to come out ... which is well-drawn human being. ... ... Now something has happened again at the Kajinkan ... .... So Reimu who instinctively flew away in the direction of the building with a scary stare.

## -2-

A magical forest that exists in the hinterland of Gensokyo. It is cold here in winter, but it is not hot or cold except otherwise, and always misleads who are blowing through winds of moderate temperature. Meanwhile, Marisa was dedicated to making marks that killed time in full at home. Neither the mist nor the heavy rain came anymore, but there is not much effect in this forest. Yes, she was also free. Yes, I forgot that library ... ... It might be a lot of fun to make things if you slurp some of the magic book over there. The appearance which the black heart suddenly came also black girl flew immediately aiming at the magical broom straddling the museum. However, I could not see anywhere, such as the hall, beyond the lake. There were a number of Maido fairies of the Scarlet Dynasty Rampaging around the lake.