---
title: I am addicted to ingredient analysis
post_id: '3430'
date: '2006-03-29T02:39:00+09:00'
draft: false
tag: []
---

Test that continues to analyze ingredients continuously from the previous diary.

## Component analysis result of Bufferin

74% of the buffalin is made of mind lost. 15% of the buffalin is magically made. 9% of the buffalin is made of wisdom. 2% of the buffalin is made of granite. ... In other words, that commercial was stupid!

## Component analysis result of wheat-chan

51% of wheat is made of coloring agent. 20% of wheat is made of subtleties. 15% of the wheat is made of flour. 14% of wheat is made of iron's will. As expected, as expected.

## Component analysis result of Genki

97% of the grandchildren are made of gruescence. 2% of the grandchild is made of the bark of a willow. 1% of the grandchild is made in vacuum. The resentment abandoned in Reimu is great ... and.

## Component analysis result of Bernardus

69% of Bernal Dus is made of blessings. 13% of Bernal Dus is made of flour. 10% of Bernal Dus is mysteriously made. 4% of Bernal Dus is made of slime. 2% of Bernal Dus is made of cute. 1% of Bernal Dus is magically made. 1% of Bernal Dus is made of negative ions. Uncle Happy old man.

## Component analysis result of spiritus

80% of spiritus is made of poison. 19% of spiritus is made of sugar. 1% of spiritus is made of energy. ...... It's about to happen.

## Component analysis result of KORG OASYS

Half of KORG OASYS is made of a perfect. 19% of KORG OASYS is made of preservatives. 13% of KORG OASYS is made of splendor. 8% of KORG OASYS is momentumed. 6% of KORG OASYS is made by the will of the universe. 4% of KORG OASYS is made of conspiracy. 'A `

## Component analysis result of 'A'

96% of 'A \`is made up of lies. 3% of 'A \`is made of walls of mind. 1% of 'A \`is made of desire. 'A \`

## Component analysis results of the Toho Project

The Touhou project is made of all lies. 'A `