---
title: Dream drama trial version A2
post_id: '3468'
date: '2006-06-11T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: false
tag: []
---

Sorry to keep you waiting. [Touhou Dream Theater Drama ~ Concealed the Conclusion](/!/thC/) trial version A2 has been released. A2 is a FIX version of A (example festival version) as we announced, so please understand that there is no big expansion in particular. In addition, since the _full version_ other than the patch version is _also released completely_ this time, those who could not go to the example festival and those who got touched by all means please come to this machine.

## 6/11 4:10 Addendum

I explained a little about explanation of how to apply the patch, so I rewrote the commentary of the thawing message a little more in detail.

## 6/11 19: 00 Addendum

Access number impossible NEEEEEEEEEEEEE'A `some time ago of [illusion Lama Festival]("http://lama.danmaq.com/lama/) Thank you for waiting in the not say Innovation parallel Bookshelf when absorbing it ..., it is less applause (mock).

## (Beat) Web applause less ー ー ー ー

Sorry Mother sorry I'm busy

## (Beat) I'm sorry, Marisa of the announcement page is obviously cute than the game version ...

Sorry Dad I'm sorry I'm busy

## (Beat) Dream drama trial version We are looking forward to the public. Example I think that the distribution of the big festival is distributed in a tangible state of CD, high sound quality BGM think that it is selling so I think that there is no particular problem (if there is a lot of people expecting distribution if it is a distribution position with a sound quality dropped in the WEB version I will.

I tried to make it public. Come on this machine.

## (Beat) It is terrible intolerance! But Route C is too chewy! (Lol

I tried softening the feeling in A2 because it's a bit too difficult?

## (Beat) trial version Internet release KITAAAAAAAAAAAA !!! 1!

ktkr

## (Beat) Please make original collection of Seijo and Leila this time!

Are you insane? What?

## (Beat)? ^ ^?

What? _?

## (Beat) Kimchi's hat is Kimchi!

Jinja!

## (Beat) TEST

TEST Accept.

## (Beat) I wonder if this is reaching ...?

Even if you press Send, you will not see anything and you will get back to the original page but you can send it. If you are worried, please try sending without drawing anything, it is normal if it is played with an error.