---
title: Various circumstances
post_id: '3693'
date: '2009-04-01T00:00:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

There is no time for stuffing → spare material replacement → spiral model. No, strictly there are more spoiler, but it really is really rotten. It is almost impossible to have time to embody the story and it is already expired.

## About Web shopping

As announced in the diary on January 2, production of Tokijo Castle was terminated. [The remaining 80 stocks are over](http://e.danmaq.com/) , so those who wish to play should be as soon as possible.

## About the dream drama

I will resell it. However, it is ported from. Bullet style to .NET. (There are also cases in which it does not connect with erotic person with a little barrage style, and for various other adult circumstances) Already the system part is almost completed, and the program part incorporates the movements of the aircraft itself and the movement of the enemy machine only. (Oh, the replay part was still 'A `) Graphics and sound have already been converted. Rather, it is background graphic that takes time here. In the barrage style, I primarily used only the primitive, so I'm fighting while talking with Blender to move it to model. It might be possible to kill a few months with this alone. For that reason, I will make a transplant version, such as reselling, but I will not announce when it will be released as it does not seem like Tokijo Castle v2.

## Added April 1, 2011

[The release time was decided at the end of 2011](/3705) .
