---
title: Game production and brave
post_id: '3657'
date: '2008-04-09T20:00:00+09:00'
draft: false
tag: []
---

Well, if you are making ordinary games, it is ideal to do it all by yourself, but even if that is not enough, you will be making teams with programmers and painter and something like Otoya. However, in that case, what is necessary at any time is "planner", so-called summary person. In most cases, [someone](/!/thC/) will concurrently serve this ( [even in](/!/thC/) the case of a [dream drama](/!/thC/) , I got the program's [responses](/!/thC/) summarized), I think that there should be people who are originally planning specialists. Although it was actually completed at the end of a dream drama, the inability of the ability as a compiler of his own was behind the scenes and faced considerable difficulties and made troublesome staffs a lot more troublesome. Programmers are best oriented to draw programs so that sound shops draw sounds as painters draw pictures.

Then, what kind of person is suitable for summary person? The answer can be seen in a royal road-playing game.

In the case of a royal road-like (now who is said to be classical it will be better) RPG, the hero's occupation is mostly "hero". It is neither a warrior, a priest, a magician nor a brave to bring together the party's party. In general the brave is the strongest character of the party even if viewed statusfully. It is a versatile character that seemingly has impeccable impeccable character that can attack magic to the fighting power close to warrior and can use even elementary support magic. However, looking at individual abilities alone, the warrior is better with just the strength, and the magic game also does not fight against the wizard. In the casino it is a buddy of the playboy, and only thieves can do the pickpocket. One of characters who appeared in a cartoon "Dragon Quest Die 's Adventure" also states that "a brave can do anything, but can not do anything", although he can only do robots with the name of hunting, . But there is a continuation of this story, "There is also the ability of a brave to have imitation of warriors and wizards, it is courage." Courage to confront everything, a mind that never breaks, is not it the ability which is necessary for a summary role?

Incidentally, as long as the hero does not make such a big success, there are many people who are being cold-felt without going into the table much. Personally I think that it is probably because "I can do anything, on the other hand, I can not do anything" is often taken in a bad meaning. Especially in the world of MMORPG it is remarkable. But if I had the opportunity to collaborate on a project with such a brave consoler in future, I would like to respect him personally. The reason is easy. It is because the warrior and wizard are not able to imitate the brave, and the party is put together. That is

---. / ヽ // ', what we can not do | {___ | (⌒ ヽ 7 '`ヒ ニ`ヒﾆ¨ヽ ヽ､..二二二二二二二. -r‐''′ そこにシビれる！ /´ 〉'"＞､､,,.ィ二¨' {. ヽ ＿ ＿ あこがれるｩ！` R, _(9,)_ _Y '_ (9 _l') (, - ''` ¨¨ 'ヽ, {,, | `'' '7 ,,., ⌒ | / Y Y {\ ∧ | ^' ^ '-,,, r'), - - - '- ∠,_ "(___ ___ ___ 0 ___ ___ 0 (___ ___ ___ 0 ___ ___ ___ 0 `!i!}i!ｨ_9,） |人 -‐ノ .ヘー‐-ｨ ヽ !‐}_＿,..ﾉ ｜| /-‐ヽ| -イ,__,.>‐ ﾊ } ''"/／ヽｰ､ ﾉヽ∧` ,! `!i!}i!ｨ_9,） |人 -‐ノ .ヘー‐-ｨ ヽ !‐}_＿,..ﾉ ｜| /-‐ヽ| -イ,__,.>‐ ﾊ } ''"/／ヽｰ､ ﾉヽ∧`ー`!i!}i!ｨ_9,） |人 -‐ノ .ヘー‐-ｨ ヽ !‐}_＿,..ﾉ ｜| /-‐ヽ| -イ,__,.>‐ ﾊ } ''"/／ヽｰ､ ﾉヽ∧` \- 一 '' / | ' `!i!}i!ｨ_9,） |人 -‐ノ .ヘー‐-ｨ ヽ !‐}_＿,..ﾉ ｜| /-‐ヽ| -イ,__,.>‐ ﾊ } ''"/／ヽｰ､ ﾉヽ∧` !, \- === \- `!i!}i!ｨ_9,） |人 -‐ノ .ヘー‐-ｨ ヽ !‐}_＿,..ﾉ ｜| /-‐ヽ| -イ,__,.>‐ ﾊ } ''"/／ヽｰ､ ﾉヽ∧` Ku - ... _/ / ^ \ ヾ -_ `!i!}i!ｨ_9,） |人 -‐ノ .ヘー‐-ｨ ヽ !‐}_＿,..ﾉ ｜| /-‐ヽ| -イ,__,.>‐ ﾊ } ''"/／ヽｰ､ ﾉヽ∧` _ハ / ノ |. {{ V '2' 2_ sono _| | `ヽ, ノ ヽ, ヽ ノ ヽ_ _) ノ: l '_ー ー_. <. / |. ヽ ヽ_ .` Two ¨' / ノ ノ / <^,. _イ r - ' ::: ヽ \ `≠, |, \\\ '- - -' '" //_ \ _, / |! :::::: l, \ \ | \ \ ヽ / ノ

Honestly otsum is not good so much that I can keep talking pros seriously up to this point.