---
title: 100 million visits
post_id: 3659
date: '2008-04-21T21:43:00+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

It's 9 years since Web site was opened (1999 Spring), 4 years and a half since coterie activity (2003 Winter) (It's 3 and a half years since I started the circle by myself), long or short, anyway _100 I went to access ten thousand_ . I think that the activity shrinking period will continue for a while, but thank you in the future. Since the counter was reset once at the same time as the circle was started up, if it included even before that, it is about +250 thousand more. (It is a wonder as I hear that I want to be premature as soon as I say.) <Wonderland!

## I came back from Utsunomiya!

I was planning a business trip to Utsunomiya for 2 months but I came back because it was lost due to various circumstances. Now that TODO has accumulated variously, I have to digest it ... .... I have no time to say, I am relocated to Wako next time. Well it's just close. [If the single car](https://danmaq.com/tag/yb-1) did not pass, it is close enough to go directly ... .... orz

## Super excuse time

Say excuse for this picture! I definitely wanted to paint Marisa and Akyun until a while ago ... No ... I told that I was drawing it, but it was still a draft stage at that time ... .... - '' '' '"" ¨ ¨¨ ヽ (.__ _,,, ... \- ァ ァ ッ ... | Ah ... I will tell you what happened now as it is! │ ii |}!}} // | l, {j} / ,, __ // | I'm Miyakko Once you have fair copy while eating dumplings i | :! Isuzu,_ Roh / u _{:}!_ // f had imperceptibly become Hidamari sketch "| Li u '}, _Roh, V, c | /_ I'm not sure what you are _talking_ about but / 'ヾ | 宀 | {',) ⌒ `/ |<ヽﾄiゝ おれも何をされたのかわからなかった ,ﾞ ／ )ヽ iLﾚ u' | | ヾｌﾄﾊ〉 |／_／ ﾊ !ニ⊇ '／:} V:::::ヽ 頭がどうにかなりそうだった… /／ 二二二7'T'' ／u' __ /:::::::/｀ヽ /'´r -―一ｧ‐ﾞＴ´ '"´ ／::::／-‐ ＼ 宮っこ餃子だから宮子だとか / // 广¨´ /' ／:::::／´￣｀ヽ ⌒ヽ そんなチャチなダジャレじゃ 断じてねえ ﾉ ' / ノ:::::` ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ 0 `/ |<ヽﾄiゝ おれも何をされたのかわからなかった ,ﾞ ／ )ヽ iLﾚ u' | | ヾｌﾄﾊ〉 |／_／ ﾊ !ニ⊇ '／:} V:::::ヽ 頭がどうにかなりそうだった… /／ 二二二7'T'' ／u' __ /:::::::/｀ヽ /'´r -―一ｧ‐ﾞＴ´ '"´ ／::::／-‐ ＼ 宮っこ餃子だから宮子だとか / // 广¨´ /' ／:::::／´￣｀ヽ ⌒ヽ そんなチャチなダジャレじゃ 断じてねえ ﾉ ' / ノ:::::` \- -, ___ / ::::: // ヽ}_ / `Œ / ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ::: ¯ `ー ー \- {::: ... a Taste the scales of more terrible things ... ... ... That's why [today's drawing was Marisa and Aki _, but_](https://danmaq.com/3660) even then, Miyako I feel like I truly resemble Marisa, saying I am hairy and saying I am a personality ... As it is Yuna → Asakunida, Chiclin → Furama, Sha Ying → Kai Rin, Hiro ... ... Hiro It remembers aliens 9 in the scene of 'Animation Katsu Tsuketei' in the animation special edition, a trap only visible to it already.

## Super diary good diary Time

Looking at the column of [Mr. Yaneune I](http://d.hatena.ne.jp/yaneurao/) looked blurred and thought that I could not make a native compiler in the eastward barrage style like VirtualProtect at times. Since I do not have the energy to make all machine language to bullets and other objects, convert it to native for the time being only the statement part of while or loop. (Even though it does native compilation, it does not mean that you can do a single exe, it will work from a base application like barrage style as usual.) Even just this, it seems that processing speed differs much more than interpreter and intermediate language Is it only for us to do? However, lastly I wrote the assembler crisply more than 10 years ago (and moreover, it was 80286), now I can hardly remember it, the current machine language is complicated and it seems that it will be able to follow very well on my uncle's head Far from being not worse, if you do not do it well, the current VC ++ compiler is too good and the interpreter will be faster. It is just a matter of thinking (or nothing more than just ⑨), and with that kind of feeling for now it is in a state of stepping on a second stroke. Just for good it [seems](http://dmf.shrinemaiden.org/OpenDMF) that the next generation barrage style of [OpenDMF](http://dmf.shrinemaiden.org/OpenDMF) is being made, and while I wktk over there, I feel that it would be better if I made thG (tentative name). In the first place, if you think carefully, it seems like that optimization is going to be done, and if it is mr. mr. surely (o ...... now, it was thG (provisional name) now. [Still secretly](http://thg.danmaq.com/) because it is [still](http://thg.danmaq.com/) "pre - test version (previous version before trial version)".
