---
title: function
post_id: '3667'
date: '2008-04-26T00:00:08+09:00'
draft: true
tags: []
---

## naming

`function FuncHoge(){} function UltimateLongNameFunc(){}`

*   As in java and Lua, do not start with lowercase letters at the beginning, we recommend uppercase letters for the first letter.
*   Avoid all lower case letters as much as possible.
    
    ## call
    

`let foo = func();`

*   _Do not skip () even if the argument is clearly empty_ . (Because it tends to judge whether it is a function or a variable)
*   \[Can\] However, in the case of a built-in instruction (≠ built-in function), that is not the case.
    
    ## Implementation (single row)
    

`function Foo(){ hoge(); }`

*   _Do not skip () even if the argument is clearly empty_ .
*   _Do not omit the `;` at the end of the function even if it is only one line_ .
    
    ## Implementation (multiple lines)
    

`function Foo(){ hoge(); hoge(); }`

*   _Pay attention to the position of curly brackets_ .
*   As much as possible to fit within 30 lines of function.
    
    ## Argument definition
    

`// BEFORE function Func(let foo,let baz){return (foo+baz)*3;} // AFTER function Func( let foo, let baz ){ return ( foo + baz ) * 3; }`

*   Let's make room as much as possible.
    
    ## Example of line feed when it is long
    

`function SuperLongNameFunction( let too, let manymany, let param ){ TooLongNameFunction( too, many, param ); }`

*   Line break to 160 to 192 characters per line.
*   \[Can\] It is ant to line break at about 72 to 80 letters when extremely loss of human readability.
*   Do not omit the let of the argument even if it is long.
*   1 Function To divide function from about 50 lines beyond.
